README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="docs/example.png" width="100%">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://styleci.io/repos/120183041"><img src="https://styleci.io/repos/120183041/shield" alt="StyleCI Status"></img></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel Console Summary

Laravel Console Summary was created by, and is maintained by [Nuno Maduro](https://github.com/nunomaduro), and is a replacement for the List Command in Laravel Console Applications. Beautiful Laravel Console Summary for Artisan or Laravel Zero.

## Installation

> **Requires [PHP 7.1.3+](https://php.net/releases/)**

Require Laravel Console Summary using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org):

```bash
composer require nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary
```

## Contributing

Thank you for considering to contribute to Laravel Console Summary. All the contribution guidelines are mentioned [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

You can have a look at the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for constant updates & detailed information about the changes. You can also follow the twitter account for latest announcements or just come say hi!: [@enunomaduro](https://twitter.com/enunomaduro)

## Support the development
**Do you like this project? Support it by donating**

- PayPal: [Donate](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=66BYDWAT92N6L)
- Patreon: [Donate](https://www.patreon.com/nunomaduro)

## License

Laravel Console Summary is an open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Add support to mute unneeded Artisan commands from summary

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="docs/example.png" width="100%">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://styleci.io/repos/120183041"><img src="https://styleci.io/repos/120183041/shield" alt="StyleCI Status"></img></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel Console Summary

Laravel Console Summary was created by, and is maintained by [Nuno Maduro](https://github.com/nunomaduro), and is a replacement for the List Command in Laravel Console Applications. Beautiful Laravel Console Summary for Artisan or Laravel Zero.

## Installation

> **Requires [PHP 7.1.3+](https://php.net/releases/)**

Require Laravel Console Summary using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org):

```bash
composer require nunomaduro/laravel-console-summary
```

## Configuration

Publish the configuration

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish
```

You may want to clean up the summary screen by hiding some well-known commands from it. They will still be available in your application.
Supports wildcards:

```php
// config/laravel-console-summary.php

return [
    'muted_commands' => [
        'make:*',
        'list'
    ],
];
```

## Contributing

Thank you for considering to contribute to Laravel Console Summary. All the contribution guidelines are mentioned [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

You can have a look at the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for constant updates & detailed information about the changes. You can also follow the twitter account for latest announcements or just come say hi!: [@enunomaduro](https://twitter.com/enunomaduro)

## Support the development
**Do you like this project? Support it by donating**

- PayPal: [Donate](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=66BYDWAT92N6L)
- Patreon: [Donate](https://www.patreon.com/nunomaduro)

## License

Laravel Console Summary is an open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.md).
